new CRD: EffectiveSchedule (#333)
vshn/k8up: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/object-specifications.adoc

* `backupCommand`: command that should get executed within the pod. *Attention* the command should output its data to stdout so that wrestic can pick it up correctly
* `fileExtension`: as this leverages the stdin backup capabilities of Restic it will generate a virtual file. That file name is by default just the name of the PreBackup pod. But to make restores easier you can define a file extension, that gets appended to the filename. For example: ".sql" for a mysql dump
* `pod`: pod is default `podTemplateSpec` of https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-overview/#pod-templates[Kubernetes].

== EffectiveSchedule

> An `EffectiveSchedule` is a status object that persists generated schedule definitions when using <<references/schedule-specification.adoc#,K8up specific schedules>> like `@daily-random`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `EffectiveSchedule` is a status object that persists generated schedule definitions when using xref:references/schedule-specification.adoc[K8up specific schedules] like `@daily-random`.
```

> They are completely self-managed in a single namespace, users should not have the need to interact with them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They are completely controller-managed in the controller namespace.
Users should not have the need to interact with them.
```
